When I am refactoring code, especially new code that I haven't seen, I follow a couple of
steps, mostly following Kent Beck's rules of simple design:
1. Make sure the tests are all passing
2. Look for areas in the code that aren't very good at expressing intent and focus there. As examples:
	2a. Pull out magic numbers
	2b. Extract methods for sub routines within large functions to make them smaller
	2c. Look for functions don't tell me what the function actually does and rename
3. In general, make functions and classes smaller.

So, with my exercise today, most of my initial checkins were pretty safe and done through the IDE. Since
the IDE can refactor for me, why would I take the chance of messing it up. After each small change, I
would validate the change. In most cases, I would also check in the change.

Once I felt the intent of the original algorithms was clearer, I began pulling out functionality from the
class itself. I tried to pick an area to pull and stick with that until I was done. So you will see I did
that with ZipCode, SSN and ApplicantName. As I created new classes, I would create new test classes to
mimic the code structure. I did pull over most of the test cases from the original to use as a test for for
each of the new classes I was creating. I can only think of one test I added outside of the tests that were
already there.

A key to this whole exercise, though, was to refactor, not redesign. I know there are some debates around
refactoring being a design exercise, but the difference I am making here is simply trying not to change
or add any functionality. So if bugs were in the code before, the same bugs are still there. If there were
holes in the tests, I didn't add them because it would force me to make choices on how to implement code
without having a context to go from. However, when I did see blatant holes, I added TODOs to "come back later."

Not a big fan of TODOs in general because we frequently don't come back later or the TODO get's lost in code
change and the original intent gets lost. Anyway, I added them where I would go to a client and start the
conversations around intent so that I didn't mess up following my own assumptions.

Hopefully, that makes sense.

Thanks! It was fun!

Dave